Release 5.1.9 --> update changelog. update version number. (#192)
blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid: CHANGELOG.md

# 5.1.9 (2022-01-24)

> - fix link in Data Grid Development Enumerations section. [#191](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid/pull/191)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the link in the Data Grid Development Enumerations section. [#191](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid/pull/191)
```

Author: fixed in last commit
